a) I have a dream to be a programmer. When I’m doing a bit of research about jobs related to bioinformatics. One of the jobs that intrigued my interest is bioinformatics programmer. It is stated that a bioinformatics programmer creates living materials algorithms. Consequently, to achieve that dream, it has many desired skills such as applications programming, web development and data structures, modification and implementation. Therefore, I will learn many skills related to it so that I can apply to many jobs in the future as all the skills can be used for various works. 

b) From this design thinking project, I’ve learnt how to communicate with my groupmates. Communication is one of the skills and the key to solve a problem or achieve one solution for the problem. It is important to communicate well with each other because we can hear the opinion or suggestion from every aspect that we didn’t think about by ourselves. The suggestion that I am not thinking about when I think of air cooler fan is how to make it eco – friendly as I am being too ignorant on how it can impact on our life. So, when one of my groupmates suggest use to make it environmentally healthy, I realize that it is important as the global warming becomes worse in this age and if we didn’t take care of the using of non-environmentally healthy products, we will make the global warming become worsen. To conclude, we all agree with the using of solar panel that use renewable source to reduce the global warming. 

c) Based on my opinion, I have to improve my soft skills such as teamwork skills. I also have to contribute more to the project because when we are doing the group project, it can help us to understand what the project is about and how’s the products that we make function. It is also related to communication skills.  We have to communicate with each other if we are not clear about something. It also can give us benefits as when the other person explains it to you, you will be clearer about things. These skills can affect your potential in the industry as it will benefit you when you are doing your job in the future because you have to learn on how to do your job and it consists when you are a newbie to the job. You have to produce a good projects and to achieve that, you have to get confirmation from your supervisor or boss about the projects. 

 
